OK, so I'm screwing it up.
I don't want to, I just wish that I knew
what I could do to.
Nigel Nigel Nigel. Know what to expect me to do.
There's nothing in this whole closet that will fit a
size 6 I can guarantee you.
They're all sample sizes, two and four.
Alright, well during this for you.
You'll take what I give you and you'll like it.
We're doing just dulce for you.
Jimmy Choo. Nancy Gonzalas it might fit.
Might OK now channel you're in desperate need of channel.
Darling Shelly, you have to get to the beauty Department
and God knows how long that's going to take.
I mean, I have no idea why Miranda hired me
neither the other day we were in the beauty Department
here and she held up this swimwear eyelash curler and
said, what is this? From the moment I saw her,
she was going to be a complete and utter disaster.
Random Christies office. No actually she's not available,
but I'll leave work OK thanks bye.
Past are you wearing version fishing elbruz yeah I am.
You look good. Shut up Siri.